What does Mr. Shen have to say?
Sky blue is my best friend
You will surely bless us.
Okay?
Rosen
If memory serves
This should be the third time you have blessed me
I remember the last time
It's a Spanish Muse
You can't make yourself unhappy.
Why don't you let your brothers hug the beauty?
Can't help, hurry up, hahahaha.
I'm kidding.
Cuihua looks gorgeous
But it's also fast
Miss Xu
Have you thought about it?
All flowers in the world are the same
Looks like a bunch of flowers
It just takes a moment.
No difference.
Miss Xu likes it
Since you can't get what I like
It's not bad to have a bunch that likes me
Rosen's family background
It's pretty good.
You married him to be rich
It can be regarded as worry-free
A vain and powerful woman like me
God is always strong
Miss Xu
Just like it.
Get what you want
No.
I promise.